<p align="justify"><b>Experience</b></p>
<p align="justify"> Spectrum Fruits has been in the premium fruit business for over twenty years. During this time, we have built relationships with domestic and international processors to meet the needs of our customers around the world. Our management team of specialists has extensive technical, nutritional and hands-on knowledge of the global fruit market and a passion for developing new products. In recent years, Spectrum Fruits and its processing allies have successfully introduced innovative clarified juice concentrates such as prickly pear and watermelon, as well as SO2-free dried fruits. We have also developed internationally award-winning fruit-based beer as well as fruit cheese mixture and delicious fruit chutneys. We are currently working to expand our business into retail sales. Look for the Spectrum Fruits brand, ProSun®, on products from shampoos to snacks to meditation oils in select markets soon.</p>

<p align="justify"><b>Quality</b></p>

<p align="justify">Not only do our products taste great, but they’re made to be good for you. At Spectrum Fruits, we deal only with premium producers and growers, adhering to strict standards for quality and procedures. We guarantee that our products are processed under GMP protocols, and that they not only meet, but exceed USDA and FDA requirements. Our processing plants are HACCP and Kosher certified, and Spectrum Fruits is a certified organic handler. Furthermore, our technical experts are able to steer customers to the fruit products that will achieve the best results in their particular applications.</p>
<p align="justify"><b>Customer Service</b></p>
<p align="justify">At Spectrum Fruits, we appreciate the fact that our customers -- from Fortune 500 companies to small dairies and custom blending houses -- have brought us to where we are today. Because we are a buyer as well as a seller, we understand the importance of customer service. We pride ourselves on providing attention to all of our associates, big and small, and we distinguish ourselves through our consulting services, custom-blended products and the ability to troubleshoot technical problems. Our well-stocked warehouses allow customers to combine less-than-load quantities of ingredients, saving shipping costs. In addition, we can offer low-cost packaging options through facilities that allow us to blend and pack for our industrial customers. All of our facilities enable us to provide fast delivery when unexpected product needs arise.</p>
<p align="justify"><b>Commitment</b></p>
<p align="justify">We are committed to offering our high-quality products at a fair price to both suppliers and buyers, every time. We are also committed to creating and maintaining friendly, reliable, long-term relationships with all of our associates. Finally, we are committed to being a positive presence in our community. In 1992, Dr. Padhye developed and launched the Young Scientist Roundtable to promote science to K-12 students in Minnesota. The program is now available to approximately one million people. In addition to donating time and resources to volunteer causes for children, Dr. Padhye has also served as Director on the Hennepin County Library Foundation Board.</p>

