<p align="justify"><b>Chareonsri (Sri) Srisangnam, Ph.D.:</b></p>
<p align="justify">Sri earned a B.S. in food science from Kasetsart University in Thailand. She traveled to the United States where she obtained an M.S. and a Ph.D. in Nutrition and Food Science from Utah State University. Dr. Srisangnam worked at the University of Minnesota for three years conducting research in food toxicology prior to founding Spectrum Fruits in 1985.</p>
<p align="justify">Dr. Srisangnam is the President of Spectrum Fruits , Inc. and manages all the aspects of business in Southeast Asia.</p>

<p align="justify"><b>Vinod Padhye, Ph.D., MBA:</b></p>
<p align="justify">Vinod received his B.Sc. (with honors) in Chemistry and B.Sc. (Tech.), M.Sc. (Tech.) in Food Technology from the University of Bombay (Mumbai). He was awarded a Ph.D. in Nutrition and Food Sciences from Utah State University. He completed an executive MBA with honors from the Carlson School of Management, University of Minnesota. Dr. Padhye worked at General Mills for 15 years, focusing on technology-based new product development in fruits, vegetables and grains. He joined Spectrum Fruits in 1994 and manages all business in the Americas, Europe and India. His responsibilities include R&amp;D and technical support to processors and customers.</p>
<p align="justify">Dr. Padhye founded Young Scientist Roundtable as a parent volunteer at his sons’ school in 1992.&nbsp; This non-profit organization has been operating continuously since then, introducing k-12 students to working scientists in an effort to increase the knowledge and love of science.&nbsp; For more information, see our Community page.</p>

